README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://api.iconify.design/logos:angular-icon.svg" alt="Angular brand" width="100" height="100"/>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Angular Boilerplate</h1>

<br>

<p align='center'>
  <a href="https://angularboilerplate.vercel.app/">Live site (Demo)</a>
</p>

<br>

<p align='center'>
  <strong>English</strong> |
  <a href="https://github.com/juanmesa2097/angular-boilerplate/blob/main/README.es-CO.md">Español</a>
</p>

<br>

This opinionated Angular starter focuses on the latest Angular features and best practices. It offers essential features for flexibility and scalability, minimizing unnecessary overhead. The codebase is lightweight yet robust, allowing developers to choose their preferred technologies like UI component libraries, state management, server-side rendering, etc. Its flexible boilerplate enables easy customization and adaptation to unique project requirements.

## ⚗️ Features

- [Angular 16](https://angular.io/docs)
- [PNPM](https://pnpm.io/), [esbuild](https://esbuild.github.io/)
- [Standalone components](https://angular.io/guide/standalone-components)
- [Signals](https://angular.io/guide/signals)
- [Lazy loading](https://angular.io/guide/lazy-loading-ngmodules)
- [PWA](https://angular.io/guide/service-worker-getting-started)
- [I18n](https://ngneat.github.io/transloco/)
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- OS/Light/Dark themes
- Lightweight, fast, and built using state-of-the-art technology.

## ✅ Ready-to-use

### UI Frameworks

- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)

### Icons

- [Iconify](https://iconify.design) - use icons from any icon sets [🔍Icônes](https://icones.netlify.app/).
- [@iconify/tailwind](https://docs.iconify.design/usage/css/tailwind/) - Pure CSS icons.

### Add-ons

- <https://github.com/ngneat/transloco>
- <https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss>
  - <https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss-aspect-ratio>
  - <https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss-forms>
  - <https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss-typography>
  - <https://github.com/tailwindlabs/prettier-plugin-tailwindcss>
- <https://github.com/iconify/iconify>
  - <https://github.com/iconify/iconify/tree/main/plugins/tailwind>

## ⚙ Prerequisites

- Node.js ([^16.14.0 || ^18.10.0](https://angular.io/guide/versions)): <https://nodejs.org/en/>
- PNPM: <https://pnpm.io/es/>
- Docker (optional): <https://www.docker.com/>

## 🏹 Start development

> **Note:**
> You have three options to start a new project based on this template:
>
> 1. Create a new GitHub repository from this template.
> 2. Clone this repository to start with a clean git history.
> 3. Scaffold a project fork on StackBlitz.

### Using the GitHub template

[Create a repo from this template on GitHub](https://github.com/juanmesa2097/angular-boilerplate/generate).

---

### Cloning the repository locally

```sh
npx degit juanmesa2097/angular-boilerplate my-app && cd my-app && ./scripts/rename_project.sh my-app
```

### Install dependencies

```sh
pnpm install # run `pnpm install -g pnpm` if you don't have pnpm installed
```

### Run project

```sh
pnpm dev
```

---

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/fork/github/juanmesa2097/angular-boilerplate)

## 📝 Checklist

Please review this checklist and modify it as necessary to meet your project requirements.

- [ ] Run the `./scripts/rename_project.sh` script to rename the project.
- [ ] Change the title in `src/index.html` and the favicon in `src/favicon.ico` to match your project.
- [ ] Decide whether to continue using [simple-git-hooks](https://github.com/toplenboren/simple-git-hooks) and [lint-staged](https://github.com/okonet/lint-staged) for your project.
- [ ] Clean up the README file to provide clear instructions about your project.
- [ ] Modify the pages in the project to meet your specific requirements.

## 📦 Deploy to Vercel

[![Deploy to Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/juanmesa2097/angular-boilerplate)

## 📦 Deploy to Netlify

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/juanmesa2097/angular-boilerplate)

## 🐳 Docker

Create an image of the project.

```sh
docker buildx build -t angular-boilerplate:latest .
```

Run the image of the project.

```sh
docker run --rm -p 8080:80 -d angular-boilerplate:latest
```

## 🧙‍♂️ Commands

| Command         | Description                                              | npm                     | yarn                 | pnpm                 |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- | -------------------- | -------------------- |
| `dev`           | Starts the development server                            | `npm run dev`           | `yarn dev`           | `pnpm dev`           |
| `dev:host`      | Starts the development server with a custom host         | `npm run dev`           | `yarn dev`           | `pnpm dev`           |
| `build`         | Builds the production code                               | `npm run build`         | `yarn build`         | `pnpm build`         |
| `watch`         | Builds the production code and watches for changes       | `npm run watch`         | `yarn watch`         | `pnpm watch`         |
| `test`          | Runs the unit tests                                      | `npm run test`          | `yarn test`          | `pnpm test`          |
| `test:headless` | Runs the unit tests in headless mode                     | `npm run test:headless` | `yarn test:headless` | `pnpm test:headless` |
| `lint`          | Runs the linter                                          | `npm run lint`          | `yarn lint`          | `pnpm lint`          |
| `lint:fix`      | Runs the linter and fixes any linting errors             | `npm run lint:fix`      | `yarn lint:fix`      | `pnpm lint:fix`      |
| `lint:staged`   | Runs the linter on staged files                          | `npm run lint:staged`   | `yarn lint:staged`   | `pnpm lint:staged`   |
| `stylelint`     | Runs the style linter                                    | `npm run stylelint`     | `yarn stylelint`     | `pnpm stylelint`     |
| `stylelint:fix` | Runs the style linter and fixes any style linting errors | `npm run stylelint:fix` | `yarn stylelint:fix` | `pnpm stylelint:fix` |
| `format`        | Formats the code with prettier                           | `npm run format`        | `yarn format`        | `pnpm format`        |

Commit message:

[docs] Update README with contributing guidelines - #631

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://api.iconify.design/logos:angular-icon.svg" alt="Angular brand" width="100" height="100"/>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Angular Boilerplate</h1>

<br>

<p align='center'>
  <a href="https://angularboilerplate.vercel.app/">Live site (Demo)</a>
</p>

<br>

<p align='center'>
  <strong>English</strong> |
  <a href="https://github.com/juanmesa2097/angular-boilerplate/blob/main/README.es-CO.md">Español</a>
</p>

<br>

This opinionated Angular starter focuses on the latest Angular features and best practices. It offers essential features for flexibility and scalability, minimizing unnecessary overhead. The codebase is lightweight yet robust, allowing developers to choose their preferred technologies like UI component libraries, state management, server-side rendering, etc. Its flexible boilerplate enables easy customization and adaptation to unique project requirements.

## ⚗️ Features

- [Angular 16](https://angular.io/docs)
- [PNPM](https://pnpm.io/), [esbuild](https://esbuild.github.io/)
- [Standalone components](https://angular.io/guide/standalone-components)
- [Signals](https://angular.io/guide/signals)
- [Lazy loading](https://angular.io/guide/lazy-loading-ngmodules)
- [PWA](https://angular.io/guide/service-worker-getting-started)
- [I18n](https://ngneat.github.io/transloco/)
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- OS/Light/Dark themes
- Lightweight, fast, and built using state-of-the-art technology.

## ✅ Ready-to-use

### UI Frameworks

- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)

### Icons

- [Iconify](https://iconify.design) - use icons from any icon sets [🔍Icônes](https://icones.netlify.app/).
- [@iconify/tailwind](https://docs.iconify.design/usage/css/tailwind/) - Pure CSS icons.

### Add-ons

- <https://github.com/ngneat/transloco>
- <https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss>
  - <https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss-aspect-ratio>
  - <https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss-forms>
  - <https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss-typography>
  - <https://github.com/tailwindlabs/prettier-plugin-tailwindcss>
- <https://github.com/iconify/iconify>
  - <https://github.com/iconify/iconify/tree/main/plugins/tailwind>

## ⚙ Prerequisites

- Node.js ([^16.14.0 || ^18.10.0](https://angular.io/guide/versions)): <https://nodejs.org/en/>
- PNPM: <https://pnpm.io/es/>
- Docker (optional): <https://www.docker.com/>

## 🤗 Contributing

This project uses trunk-based development for version control and deployment process. Trunk-based development is a development approach that involves continuous integration of changes into a single main branch, known as the trunk. To learn more about trunk-based development, you can visit this [link](https://trunkbaseddevelopment.com/).

To start working on a new feature, follow the steps below:

1. Make sure there is an [issue](https://github.com/juanmesa2097/angular-boilerplate/issues) created for the feature you are going to work on.
2. Make sure you are on the main branch:

   ```sh
   git checkout main
   ```

3. Create a new branch from the main branch using the following command:

   ```sh
   git checkout -b nombre-de-la-rama
   ```

4. Develop and test your new feature on the newly created branch.
5. Once the feature is ready, make a [pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests) to integrate the changes into the main branch.
6. If necessary, make adjustments to the feature and repeat the review and pull request process.

## 🏹 Start a new project

> **Note:**
> You have three options to start a new project based on this template:
>
> 1. Create a new GitHub repository from this template.
> 2. Clone this repository to start with a clean git history.
> 3. Scaffold a project fork on StackBlitz.

### Using the GitHub template

[Create a repo from this template on GitHub](https://github.com/juanmesa2097/angular-boilerplate/generate).

---

### Cloning the repository locally

```sh
npx degit juanmesa2097/angular-boilerplate my-app && cd my-app && ./scripts/rename_project.sh my-app
```

### Install dependencies

```sh
pnpm install # run `pnpm install -g pnpm` if you don't have pnpm installed
```

### Run project

```sh
pnpm dev
```

---

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/fork/github/juanmesa2097/angular-boilerplate)

## 📝 Checklist

Please review this checklist and modify it as necessary to meet your project requirements.

- [ ] Run the `./scripts/rename_project.sh` script to rename the project.
- [ ] Change the title in `src/index.html` and the favicon in `src/favicon.ico` to match your project.
- [ ] Decide whether to continue using [simple-git-hooks](https://github.com/toplenboren/simple-git-hooks) and [lint-staged](https://github.com/okonet/lint-staged) for your project.
- [ ] Clean up the README file to provide clear instructions about your project.
- [ ] Modify the pages in the project to meet your specific requirements.

## 📦 Deploy to Vercel

[![Deploy to Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/juanmesa2097/angular-boilerplate)

## 📦 Deploy to Netlify

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/juanmesa2097/angular-boilerplate)

## 🐳 Docker

Create an image of the project.

```sh
docker buildx build -t angular-boilerplate:latest .
```

Run the image of the project.

```sh
docker run --rm -p 8080:80 -d angular-boilerplate:latest
```

## 🧙‍♂️ Commands

| Command         | Description                                              | npm                     | yarn                 | pnpm                 |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- | -------------------- | -------------------- |
| `dev`           | Starts the development server                            | `npm run dev`           | `yarn dev`           | `pnpm dev`           |
| `dev:host`      | Starts the development server with a custom host         | `npm run dev`           | `yarn dev`           | `pnpm dev`           |
| `build`         | Builds the production code                               | `npm run build`         | `yarn build`         | `pnpm build`         |
| `watch`         | Builds the production code and watches for changes       | `npm run watch`         | `yarn watch`         | `pnpm watch`         |
| `test`          | Runs the unit tests                                      | `npm run test`          | `yarn test`          | `pnpm test`          |
| `test:headless` | Runs the unit tests in headless mode                     | `npm run test:headless` | `yarn test:headless` | `pnpm test:headless` |
| `lint`          | Runs the linter                                          | `npm run lint`          | `yarn lint`          | `pnpm lint`          |
| `lint:fix`      | Runs the linter and fixes any linting errors             | `npm run lint:fix`      | `yarn lint:fix`      | `pnpm lint:fix`      |
| `lint:staged`   | Runs the linter on staged files                          | `npm run lint:staged`   | `yarn lint:staged`   | `pnpm lint:staged`   |
| `stylelint`     | Runs the style linter                                    | `npm run stylelint`     | `yarn stylelint`     | `pnpm stylelint`     |
| `stylelint:fix` | Runs the style linter and fixes any style linting errors | `npm run stylelint:fix` | `yarn stylelint:fix` | `pnpm stylelint:fix` |
| `format`        | Formats the code with prettier                           | `npm run format`        | `yarn format`        | `pnpm format`        |
